---------------------------------------------
How to apply SimpleDS to interactive systems?
---------------------------------------------

SimpleDS can be applied to interactive system with/without verbal interaction.
It has been applied in an intact way to strategic dialogue management, which 
confirms its potential in terms of applicability across domains. This system 
runs using a client-server architecture, where the 'server' is your system 
and the 'client' is the Deep Reinforcement Learner. The following steps aim 
to help you in integrating SimpleDS with your interactive system.

(1) Instantiate the class "simpleDS/learning/SimpleAgent", which is parame-
    terised by a string containing the number of state features and the 
    number of actions (separated by a comma). This step will treat your 
    system as a server. See example in simpleDS.main.SimpleDS.java

(2) Create your own learning environment including states (vector of real 
    numbers), actions (vector of N integers) and rewards (vector of N integers 
    or single real number) and communicate them to the client via the method 
    simpleAgent.sendMessage(). See example in SimpleDS.getSystemAction_key(),
    which will return the action choosen by the learning agent.

(3) Copy the file 'config.txt' and the folder 'web' (and all its contents) 
    to a directory accessible by your system -- both at the same level. For
    example, at the same level of your source directory. 

(4) Edit the file 'config.txt' and change the parameters of your interest. 
    For example: learning steps, experience size, batch size. The results
    after training are stored in the folder results/english/*.* 
    (N.B. Please make your that such folders exist in your computer)

(5) Edit the file web/main/runClient.js, where you can modify the agent's 
    configurations, e.g. network nodes and layers.

(6) Run the server and client as described in the file README.txt

N.B. If your system does not use verbal interaction (e.g. word-based features), 
you can ignore the language related parameters in the file 'config.txt'. They
roughly correspond to the first 11 parameters in the config file. 

If you have questions or comments please send email to h.cuayahuitl@gmail.com

